CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to kudo-badges

The kudo-badges project team welcomes contributions from the community. Follow the guidelines to contribute to the seed.

## Contribution Guidelines

Before you start working with Kudo Badges, please complete the following steps:

- Read our [code of conduct](/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Contribution Flow

Here are the typical steps in a contributor's workflow:

- [Fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) the main Kudo Badges seed repository. 
- Clone your fork and set the upstream remote to the main Kudo Badges repository.
- Set your name and e-mail in the Git configuration for signing.
- Create a topic branch from where you want to base your work.
- Make commits of logical units.
- Make sure your commit messages are in the proper format (see below).
- Push your changes to a topic branch in your fork of the repository.
- [Submit a pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/).

Example:

``` shell
# Clone your forked repository
git clone git@github.com:<github username>/kudo-badges.git

# Navigate to the directory
cd kudo-badges

# Set name and e-mail configuration
git config user.name "John Doe"
git config user.email johndoe@example.com

# Setup the upstream remote
git remote add upstream https://github.com/vmware/kudo-badges-seed.git

# Create a topic branch for your changes
git checkout -b my-new-feature master

# After making the desired changes, commit and push to your fork
git commit -a -s
git push origin my-new-feature
```

### Staying In Sync With Upstream

When your branch gets out of sync with the master branch, use the following to update:

``` shell
git checkout my-new-feature
git fetch -a
git pull --rebase upstream master
git push --force-with-lease origin my-new-feature
```

### Updating Pull Requests

If your PR fails to pass CI, or requires changes based on code review, you'll most likely want to squash these changes into existing commits.

If your pull request contains a single commit, or your changes are related to the most recent commit, you can amend the commit.

``` shell
git add .
git commit --amend
git push --force-with-lease origin my-new-feature
```

If you need to squash changes into an earlier commit, use the following:

``` shell
git add .
git commit --fixup <commit>
git rebase -i --autosquash master
git push --force-with-lease origin my-new-feature
```

Make sure you add a comment to the PR indicating that your changes are ready to review. GitHub does not generate a notification when you use git push.

### Formatting Commit Messages

Use this format for your commit message:

```
<detailed commit message>
<BLANK LINE>
<reference to closing an issue>
<BLANK LINE>
Signed-off-by: Your Name <your.email@example.com>
```

#### Writing Guidelines

These documents provide guidance creating a well-crafted commit message:

 * [How to Write a Git Commit Message](http://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/)
 * [Closing Issues Via Commit Messages](https://help.github.com/articles/closing-issues-via-commit-messages/)

## Reporting Bugs and Creating Issues

You can submit an issue or a bug to our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/vmware/kudo-badges/issues).

Commit message:

Update project name
Update project name from Kudo Badges to GitHUb Kudos

Signed-off-by: Ivana Yovcheva (VMware) <iyovcheva@vmware.com>

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to github-kudos

The github-kudos project team welcomes contributions from the community. Follow the guidelines to contribute to the seed.

## Contribution Guidelines

Before you start working with GitHub Kudos, please complete the following steps:

- Read our [code of conduct](/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Contribution Flow

Here are the typical steps in a contributor's workflow:

- [Fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) the main GitHub Kudos seed repository. 
- Clone your fork and set the upstream remote to the main GitHub Kudos repository.
- Set your name and e-mail in the Git configuration for signing.
- Create a topic branch from where you want to base your work.
- Make commits of logical units.
- Make sure your commit messages are in the proper format (see below).
- Push your changes to a topic branch in your fork of the repository.
- [Submit a pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/).

Example:

``` shell
# Clone your forked repository
git clone git@github.com:<github username>/github-kudos.git

# Navigate to the directory
cd github-kudos

# Set name and e-mail configuration
git config user.name "John Doe"
git config user.email johndoe@example.com

# Setup the upstream remote
git remote add upstream https://github.com/vmware/github-kudos-seed.git

# Create a topic branch for your changes
git checkout -b my-new-feature master

# After making the desired changes, commit and push to your fork
git commit -a -s
git push origin my-new-feature
```

### Staying In Sync With Upstream

When your branch gets out of sync with the master branch, use the following to update:

``` shell
git checkout my-new-feature
git fetch -a
git pull --rebase upstream master
git push --force-with-lease origin my-new-feature
```

### Updating Pull Requests

If your PR fails to pass CI, or requires changes based on code review, you'll most likely want to squash these changes into existing commits.

If your pull request contains a single commit, or your changes are related to the most recent commit, you can amend the commit.

``` shell
git add .
git commit --amend
git push --force-with-lease origin my-new-feature
```

If you need to squash changes into an earlier commit, use the following:

``` shell
git add .
git commit --fixup <commit>
git rebase -i --autosquash master
git push --force-with-lease origin my-new-feature
```

Make sure you add a comment to the PR indicating that your changes are ready to review. GitHub does not generate a notification when you use git push.

### Formatting Commit Messages

Use this format for your commit message:

```
<detailed commit message>
<BLANK LINE>
<reference to closing an issue>
<BLANK LINE>
Signed-off-by: Your Name <your.email@example.com>
```

#### Writing Guidelines

These documents provide guidance creating a well-crafted commit message:

 * [How to Write a Git Commit Message](http://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/)
 * [Closing Issues Via Commit Messages](https://help.github.com/articles/closing-issues-via-commit-messages/)

## Reporting Bugs and Creating Issues

You can submit an issue or a bug to our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/vmware/github-kudos/issues).
